From elisoncrom fixes misspellings (#2679)
nasa/cumulus: website/versioned_docs/version-v8.0.0/data-cookbooks/queue-post-to-cmr.md

original_id: queue-post-to-cmr
---

> In this document, we walkthrough handling CMR errors in workflows by queueing PostToCmr. We assume that the user already has an ingest workflow setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this document, we walk through handling CMR errors in workflows by queueing PostToCmr. We assume that the user already has an ingest workflow setup.
```
